by myself with me yeah wrapping myself
and chopping myself I rap in and
chopping and flipping breaks looking at
six going on trips going on trips going
myself
magical magical abracadabra I'm gonna
make it snow pool she's sucking me up
when I'm in the booth
she telling me telling me I own the
truth control these niggas ain't nothing
but snitches they help them like bitches
get sewn in the ditches claim in a
homemade they talking about me about
Jade hey you know me you see me feel
that's never gonna be no Clem I know
he's getting close on my criminal you
talking about what you wasn't about
oh no helloween I need no help whatever
I don't wonder my stuff I need no help
my niggas be back in there wrapping the
truck no help mapping it out
myself
rapping in looking for handouts not
taking no face
if you ain't talked about money my nigga
didn't I see you later
that pull up in my label yeah bball
above this light band said to serve by
talking maple Nicki just talk to me for
when I bring up the porch grew up in the
folk came over killers and dealers and
not even know you folks nowadays you
against me Angie nice and neat you're
making don't you come to my city two
things you're gonna need is your will yo
oh no he'll know we needed no help
whatever I don't wonder my stuff no help
me my nigga we'll be back in the rap in
the truck
no help no by myself my niggas oh no
Helloween I need no help no help no help
knocking and wrapping their trap I need
no help me and my new maid